---
title: Diary No.2|A little tired
date: 2008-10-30T15:32:00-07:00
tags:
  - 日记
  - 校园
---
I don't know why I feel a little tired.

<!--more-->

Tomorrow I have a Calculus test, just about derivatives of functions, which I have learned in my high school. You know, the only thing I have learned until now in this semester is just the Mean Value Theorem and Implicit Differentiation. I know why I have a lot of free time, because I have learned these knowledge, chapters.I am just reviewing things, so it will be easier and faster.I am not sure how tough the challenge in the future will be. But this is not the point, the point is why I fell a little tired?

Oh, oh, I know, perhaps I played too much this week. Yes, yes, I didn't control myself strictly this week, this is a prediction for falling down. This is also a warning, which warns me that if I spend an afternoon sitting before the laptop to do something that has no relationship to study, I will fall to a deep hole and lose myself.

Today, Dan just stared at two Chinese girls and said they are pretty and I should get one of them. I don't know how to answer him. Because he doesn't know love is such an abstract and hard thing to do. I have many friends start to love.Well , nice experience with them, I hope. I am afraid I can not fall in love with anyone, more correctly ,I should not. I had had mental preparation for this terrible thing before I came to this new land. I come here for study, for turning the destiny over, for changing my life, not for personal emotion like love. Ah, no wonder I am a little tired.

Am I supposed to read the Chemistry book today? I am not sure if there will be a clicker quiz tomorrow, but I think I will be all right. I am worried about Calculus test more, I choose to practice some calculus questions instead of chemistry ones.

My family has sent a package to my apartment. It will be here on Tuesday, maybe Wednesday next week. I forget the high school physics totally so I really need a book. And also I need a calculator, which is advanced enough to take logarithm. I don't think I need a sweater or coat here, not even one, thanks to the hooooooot air conditioner. I like calling it temperature controller.Not funny, since I am a little tired.

After next month, I will travel to my cousin's house. I still don't have any idea if I should take bus, train or flight to Chicago. And maybe I need a camera to make some pictures. What kind? How much should I pay? A bunch of things are ready to swallow me! However, I have a whole month to consider these stuffs. Ah, maybe not an exactly whole month.Whatever, I am tired.

Um....... One day, two articles, of course waste time, but at least not a crime.
