---
title: Diary No.3|Halloween
date: 2008-10-31T08:07:00-07:00
tags:
  - 日记
  - 校园
---

I have never experienced Halloween before in China. In my childhood I thought it was a very strange festival. I still remeber the feeling when I sat before the TV to watch the movies from Disney of themes of Halloween. It sounds scary, but exactly not scary at all. Actually it is funny. Today I saw a bunch of people wearing a high and large hat , a skull mask, or other weird decorations. They walked on the street, say hello to each other and praise the decorations on their clothes and hair. Also, there are some Americans choose not to celebrate Halloween.

<!--more-->

My roommate John is almost 19 years old. He still asked for candies from neighborhood last year. So, asking for candies is not the only thing children do. In America, if you like, if you want to, you can stand on the stairs in front of your neighbors's houses, push the ring , and mooch candies. Many adults in America like doing this for fun.

A movie shocks my head, a Tim Burton's movie, which is called the eve before Christmas.It it a wonderfully fantastic movie talking about , whose atmosphere feels like that of Halloween. Yes, Tim Burton's film is what I am talking about, scary and funny. This is also same to his movie ,which is from a play, and it is bloody and interesting.

This morning I had the Calculus test. Some of the questions didn't appear before in my textbook, but I think I handled it well. I got all the results of the questions, but I am not sure whether these results are all right or not.

Well, I have nothing to do this afternoon. Maybe I can plan to play the piano, or read Java textbook. I think Halloween doesn't make sense in my first year here. I mean, it is just a thirdly biggest festival in America. Christmas, Easter, then Halloween.

I think tonight I have to complete the lab report this week. It is not fair enough to do it next Monday. And I want to check NBA games list to know if there are some games on TV tonight, especially Houston Rockets.

If someday I have chance to decorate myself on Halloween, I will act as the phantom of the opera, by reason of the similarity between the insides of me and the phantom. I promise I will.

Past the point of no return, no.......I don't remember the lyrics of this part.

But I remember, Christine, that's all I ask of you.
