---
title: Diary No.5|Daylight saving time versus stay up night
date: 2008-11-02T03:51:00-08:00
tags:
  - 日记
  - 校园
---

Today is 2nd, Nov. Yesterday I got a phone call telling that the time would be changed to daylight saving time. What is that? Daylight saving time is a modification to time zone set for saving daylight energy. The sun rises from the horizon later and the sunset comes later.So the clock have to go slower for people to use the daylight energy much more reasonably.

<!--more-->

Yesterday I stayed up, first stay-up night on campus. Perhaps it is one day of the ruin of the young people, but I think sometime you will need a crazy day to play much enough so that you will forget who you are. It is just a way to remind you of what you are, what you have become, and remember who you are, where you should go back.

We were just chatting together.One night chat.We were talking about games, entertainments, people here, and even politics which students were not supposed to touch. People always own happiness, but also own complaints. You have to let it out and release yourself. Only in this way can you sleep all night without any noising ideas remaining in your mind.

Now I forgot a lot of things I was supposed to forget, remember a lot of stuff I will be supposed to remember. I am being satisfied by myself. This world belongs to me at last.

Today I will go to the church to play the piano. I didn't practice it all the week. It's time.It's time to face what you have to face, and defeat the fear yourself. This world belongs to me at last. My world. See ya, friends.Trust me, I will turn the destiny over, I promise.
