---
title: Diary No.6|Chaos of Sunday
date: 2008-11-02T10:57:00-08:00
tags:
  - 日记
  - 校园
---


I just came back from the church. I was playing the piano for them, but the pity is , no countries for pianists. You know why? Because we are just entertainments, cheap entertainments. You are nothing without an aura from perfect advocation, which makes you fascinating and attractive.

<!--more-->

The chaos of staying up for enjoyment still remains in my brain. I wonder what is happening to me. Am I so changeable? Just 3 months, I almost forgot the failure 3 months ago? Is that a good thing? Different ideas and cultures conflicts each other in my mind. The only important thing I know is I don't like it and I don't want to do it again.

Today, in the church, a Chinese girl from the Department of Journalism said she wanted to make an interview of me, as she had to fulfill her urgent research. I told her I would be free after 2:00 PM everyday, let her just call me. Her research is talking about the international students here. I have no idea what questions she may ask and what answers I should answer. I don't know. I am only able to wait for she calling me someday. I have never experienced any interviews before. Because I am common, not a star, not popular , not famous, just a common boy. Therefore, I feel so much weird. And it has made the chaos stronger now.

Well, what will be the thing I am supposed to do next? Reviewing and previewing the books or just lie on the bed to sleep? I think I have a choice. I choose to read books in front of the desk. I will never forget why I am here and what I am.

The greatest thing you ever learn, is just to love, and be loved, in return.

I will cross the endless street, don't know why I didn't come. But you will be on my mind forever.
