---
title: Diary No.8|Close to end of 1st semester!
date: 2008-11-04T14:20:00-08:00
tags:
  - 日记
  - 校园
---

Yes, the 1st semester is going to the hell! Next Tuesday there will be no classes because of a fantastic festival which I don't why it will be there. But it is a really awesome thing ,right? The week after the next week , it will be the last chemical experiment class. And the winter vocation is waving hands to me! SAT, ACT, TOFEL and even MIT are waving hands towards me!

<!--more-->

I will fight ! Everything becomes busy but hot, there are challenges everywhere in every air. Everything excited me so hot, so hot! Though I have no time to read physics textbook next semester, I feel good. Yes, baby, I feel good, good enough!

There will be final exams, will be some problems on traveling to my cousin's house, some trouble with moving out, but these problems will be what I want! The difficulty for everything will be the best teacher for me teaching me how to live and what is life.

Tomorrow I have 3 important classes, Calculus , Java programming and Chemistry. I am not sure if I did well in the Calculus term test.However, even I performed not so good as I imagined, I will accept, I will hunt for and find out the cause to the result.

I don't care that no country for pianist any more. I don't care because I am not. I am what I will want to be. There is always a day I know exactly what I am and where I should be until dead. It is not only close to the day the 1st semester will end up, but also to the day I discover these things which some people have been seeking all their lives. So close.

Everything is sooooooooooooo hot !!!
