---
title: Diary No.9|Few feelings concerning politics
date: 2008-11-05T10:57:00-08:00
tags:
  - 日记
  - 校园
---
Today Dan asked if Taiwan is a country. I thought he just didn't know much about China, not trying an attack in politics. Of course the problem between Taiwan and mainland is complex and annoying to all Chinese people.The only thing I care and I can tell is we speak the same language, has the same hair color, same skin color and similar bodies. That's why I don't care whether Taiwan is a country or not.That's why we are all Chinese people.Because you can change your nationality, change your hair color or culture, but you can never deny your own blood of your own nation.African American are always African American, if Taiwan become a country someday, if such a pity happened, the citizens on the island are always Chinese Taiwanese. That's what I am saying.No joke.And I hope everything will be ended in peace , not a war.I hope The world will never be noisy because of profits and lands.I wish what I am wishing though perhaps it is something will happen 800 hundred years later.So, I don't care now,I just hope.

<!--more-->

Yesterday night the election in America is over. Obama won. I like him because he is an African American, because he created the history and changed America typically. Some friends said the African American people will be crazy and ignore anything. I don't think so. I think there are many bad people, also many good people in every nation. But good people are always more than bad guys definitely. I hope Obama will make the change, which let black people find their own positions in this society and get the peace.I hope he can give the justice among the countries, nations and societies.I hope for the people in America, in China and other places in the world. I just can hope.

OK, now I am just a student. I don't want to touch politics too much so I don't want to say any more about politics. The center of me is my life. I believe China and America both.Thanks the god for letting me travel between the two beautiful countries.Thanks a lot.
