---
title: Diary No.11|Stupid Houston Rockets
date: 2008-11-07T10:27:00-08:00
tags:
  - 日记
  - 校园
---
Yesterday night I watched the game between Houston Rockets and Portland. Such a stupid team performed such a stupid fault at such a stupid time! I have to say, they played hard, but not well, I didn't know what they were thinking about! I mean, Roy shot that 3, that was almost impossible, why let him shoot so easily? Where is Ron Artest? Where is T-mac? Where is Shane Battier? Oh, he is injured...

<!--more-->

Houston Rockets always disappoints its fans. Nobody knows the reason, the team just has some problem, which can appear anywhere anytime if the players "think" they "need" it.What was Yao doing? just 13 points? How could that statics let him be the first center in NBA? I am really irritated!

Today I had my classes, um...Calculus and Chemistry. I got 48 in 50 in last Calculus Test! That is a surprise because I know I make something wrong in this test. Fortunately I just lost 2 points. It seems Calculus will not be the first problem in the future. I think chemistry will be more urgent. The professor starts to talk about shells and subshells. I haven't learned it in high school before. Nevertheless, it is interesting enough to excite me. This theory can answer many questions I used to have. The saying is right: Change is good, but not easy.

Today, Lin sent me something on QQ. I was moved, just because she still remembered me and was willing to talk to me. That is enough. That makes me satisfied definitely. That poem from Yeatz will always accompany me.

Christine, that is all I ask of you.

Ummm.....Confidently, I will be waiting for the next game of Houston Rockets.That is what the fans are supposed to do~~
