---
title: Diary No.12|My nephew has come.
date: 2008-11-08T12:02:00-08:00
tags:
  - 日记
  - 校园
---

This morning I was watching a TV series called . Then I read a little part of the book American Tragedy. Suddenly I received a email from cousin Xin, and it posted the new baby 's photo. Today is a good day for giving birth. Welcome to the world, my nephew.

<!--more-->

Most people like birth, not death.That is reasonable. I feel happy when I heard about the brith of my nephew. It also made me remember how sad I feel when my grandma( my mother's mother) passed away. That thing, we called emotion, is so real that you can not stop crying or smiling for it. That is what we called sorrow and happiness, which are always the gem of the life. Family is such a beautiful atmosphere that people can share everything together and live together. That is always a part of the state of our minds.

I had the interview this afternoon. Miss Yin just asked some questions between the Chinese church and my life here. I answered all her questions and found a point that I don't have to live in Fenn Tower as long as 2 years if I didn't sign such a contact. I will make the things all clear.

Congratulations to my cousin Xin and his family and his baby again. Today is a good day to come to this world , I think of the same idea everyday.

The Houston Rockets won the game last night, versus LA clippers. Well, not so bad, at least , has got out of the shadow of last game. There is always some hope. I never prove it, I just believe it, and so do Rockets, so do a lot of people.
