---
title: Diary No.15|Suicide
date: 2008-11-12T18:45:00-08:00
tags:
  - 日记
  - 校园
---

Yesterday I didn't feel good. A guy in my high school just killed himself on 11th. I didn't know how and why he killed himself. And I didn't know this guy before. I just felt that suicide did come to this school. After all, the suicide did come.

<!--more-->

I remember the days I lived in high school. Endless book reading and practicing, endless, annoying and confusing. Then I told myself: now this is your choice, to live or to die? If you choose to live, then never think about suicide any more in your life.If you choose to die, then just select a good quick way to die and don't worry about anything you have left on this world. Finally, I chose to live, and live better and better. But he didn't. He didn't overcome something in himself so he didn't make it.

There are some bad voices on the post bbs of our school. They encourage " revolution" or "fight" against Chinese education. I was convinced it was funny. A bunch of young men ,with no weapons, no distinctions of life, no rights, no esteem and no manners just wanted to be involved in some political and national events. They were willing to but not actually able to do that.

I posted my idea and they attacked me in words, unreasonable and aggressive words. I had no idea about that. Students in China are so indifferent that no one was concerning about another one just sitting beside you. That was why that guy killed himself, not the whole at least a part of the cause.He has gone, leaving pity behind, leaving sorrow and despair to his family and friends, to paint shadow gray to my lovely high school.

Pity. Nothing can be told any more except it.
