---
title: Diary No.17|Starvation?
date: 2008-11-16T14:23:00-08:00
tags:
  - 日记
  - 校园
---

My meal plan met its end and the biggest problem is I am facing starvation. Really? Of course impossible, how can a man just let himself get starved? I still have some money to buy food. One month left, I think it is not a very annoying stuff, at least not more than the courses selection and make various payments. Oh, Jesus Christ, nothing...

<!--more-->

Well, I think I could buy 2 pizza, totally 12 slices, and I eat 1 slice each meal, so it can hold me 4 days. And I am going to buy 2 sub wraps from Subway, one half one day, then I can hold 4 days more, and most importantly they are truly inexpensive. I hate meal plan because it costs too much.

Monday does come again, every week, without any abnormal modification. Next week will be a really busy week. It seems like so many annoying things gather together in the next week aiming at giving me some trouble and chaos in mind.

There is one day when I can eat free , wear free and live free. There is one day when I am able to tell the world I make everything I want to make. There is always one day waiting for my hunting.There is one day. So , just don't be worried about the starvation because of my overloading fat around my waist.

There is one day when I challenge everything. I don't promise because it is a truth, not a prediction; I don't wait because it is a party, it is a shikar; I don't stop because this place is not the horizon I want to stay. There is one day when I find my final nest.
