---
title: Diary No.18|Powershot
date: 2008-11-25T06:53:00-08:00
tags:
  - 日记
  - 校园
---


I have bought the camera Powershot of the brand Cannon. It totally cost me 194 dollars including the tax and the SD card. The is a rare cheap one. And the SD card, whose capacity is 4GB , just cost 10 dollars! It is a 10MP camera and I think the appearance of Powershot is pretty cool,silver shell, like a spaceship in your hand.

<!--more-->

This is not an advertisement.
These days I kept going to classes, reading and preparing the SAT. This Sunday Dr.Wang(who is a truly doctor that can give treatment to people) just called me and asked me if I had time to have a lunch with him and his wife. Well, I am always free on Sunday. They were very kind. They took me to a Chinese restaurant to eat some Chinese food that I long time no saw! And I got rice at last. I appreciated it so much.

Now I am going to watch the Ep 12, season 4 of Prison Break online. It seems the story still continues. I don't like that I think it should give an end to the watchers. I am disappointed.I think I will not follow it any more probably.

Houston Rockets kept rolling on the road. They won the game versus Orlando Magics, Washington Wizards and Miami Heats. That is a good news definitely.They are No.2 on the rank of NBA Western teams. But I don't have a lot of confidence to say they will keep rolling always.It depends them.

All-star game will be held in Phoenix. Iverson, MacGrady, and Yao , I need you to show up!

OK. Life is so simple. And the strange thing is, when a man is free, he will be bored; when he is busy, he will be tired. Everything feels like a seesaw. I am convinced that, I just need the balance on it.
