---
title: Diary No.21|The end, the beginning
date: 2008-11-30T09:55:00-08:00
tags:
  - 日记
  - 校园
---


At last, it came to the end of the thanksgiving holiday. I would go back tonight to the dorm, which is far away from John's family. I want say, I was really happy during this period.

<!--more-->

Next week will be a beginning of cramming for the final exams. I still have some problems with Java programming. Anyway, I managed to make the program 11 and I can turn in it on Monday. I need to review the Calculus and Chemistry. For Calculus , it is just reviewing. For chemistry, it will be a little harder, I have to check the new theory "Gas Law", the professor said it was really simple one, I haven't read that part yet. I think, I have learned this point but I just don't know that in English. That will be fine. And next week the Java programming professor will start a new chapter "Structures and Collections". It sucks. I don't know why he never arrange a reviewing week for us. He just gave us a lot of confusing quizzes to do and I almost got 0 in the quizzes two times. He explained the quizzes will be the reviewing process for us. I don't like that kind reviewing.That makes me have to review by myself with reading the big book again and again, translating it and comprehending it. It will take me a great much time.

This morning I watched the movie "Max Payne". I like it . I can not imagine that a director can make such a movie which keeps the style of atmosphere of the original computer game without playing it. The director just read the scripts and words of the game. He maintained not to play the game even one time because of the influence to a movie of his own personality and ability. Anyway, I like this movie. Max Payne, will be always the best dark angel, the gentle eagle and the violent hero I have ever seen.
